the purpose of this video segment is to
provide a basic understanding of the one
repetition maxed espera
as recommended by the national strength
and conditioning Association the 1rm is
used to assess maximal strength and is
defined as the greatest amount of weight
that can be lifted with proper form and
technique for a total of 1 repetition
the relationship between load and
repetitions is inverse once the 1 RM is
established there are percentages that
can be used to prescribe a specific
number of repetitions the 1 RM is
intended for those individuals who have
intermediate or advanced experience with
resistance training and understand the
technique involved with this form of
lifting the 1 RM test was designed to be
administered with free weight equipment
all normative data is based off of core
or multi joint free weight exercises
when testing repetition maximum for the
squat or deadlift a standard power rack
is required as well as a Texas standard
bar with a set weight of 45 pounds a
standard benchpress is required for the
1 RM benchpress this is the lift we will
use to demonstrate the standard test
protocol for this video safety is a
primary concern during the
administration of any one RM test always
use a spotter of similar strength in
size inspect your equipment prior to use
and always use safety clips we will now
review the 1 RM testing protocol start
by having the client warm up with a
light resistance allowing for no more
than 10 repetitions throughout all lifts
encourage that the client maintain a
neutral or straight spine by not arching
the back weights should be moved at a
speed that the individual can maintain
control and proper lifting technique and
maintain breathing with each repetition
once the set is complete provide a 1
minute rest period as the client moves
through the protocol increments of 10 to
20 pounds for the upper body or 30 to 40
pounds for the lower body are
recommended between sets
for this set the client should use a
weight that will allow for a maximum of
three to five repetitions a spotter
should always be used but never assist
with any of the repetitions as this will
lead to over estimation of strength once
this set is complete a rest period of 2
minutes is recommended after increasing
the weight again the client will perform
a maximum of 2 to 3 repetitions
by a two to four minute rest period the
client is now instructed to attempt the
1rm if successful they should rest for
two to four minutes before ria tempting
with a higher weight this step should be
repeated no more than one to three times
to achieve a maximal 1rm if the client
fails which is defined as the inability
to complete the concentric phase for
that exercise then reduce the weight by
five to ten or fifteen to twenty pounds
for the upper and lower body
respectively rest two to four minutes
and reattempt the one on there are
several assumptions that need to be
addressed when testing for the one LM
the initial testing method was designed
for free weight lifts which focused on
fit male subjects this may be
problematic when using a 1rm for
populations such as female clients or
the elderly the use of variable
resistance equipment or single joint
lifts targeting smaller muscle groups
may also overestimate strength other
methods used to estimate the yrm include
prediction equations or estimates of
higher rep max testing such as the 5 RM
this video is not intended to take the
place of any professional certification
or guideline nor does it claim to
prepare the client or health fitness
professional to administer actual 1rm
testing for any exercise for those who
have known cardiovascular or muscular
skeletal injury you should consult with
a physician prior to exercise